docs/reference: clarify wording of BootSlot property contents (#550)
rauc/rauc: docs/reference.rst

  de.pengutronix.rauc.Installer:BootSlot
  BootSlot  readable   s

> Represents the slot the system booted from used. It is derived from the kernel

Reviewer: If we already touch it, I would also like to clarify the first sentence, maybe:

```suggestion
Contains the information RAUC uses to identify the booted lost.. It is derived from the kernel
```
